source/introduction.rst, before:

Introduction
==================================
**All** AniList Api url's featured in this documentation require the following url prefix:
::
    https://anilist.co/api/

**HTTPS is required**
    If a client requests a HTTP url they will **not** be redirected to the HTTPS variant.

**API Terms of use**
    by creating an AniList account you have already read and agreed to our developer terms of use.
    Heres a quick summary of some of parts of the terms of use relevant to our API:

    - Free for non-commercial use.
    - Using the AniList API as a backup or data storage service is strictly prohibited.
    - \'Hoarding\' or mass collection of data from the AniList API is strictly prohibited.

    If you would like to use the AniList API in a commercial client (this includes ads and in-app purchases)
    just drop me an email joshstar [a-t] mail [do-t] com and I'll get back to you eventually.
    With the current usage of the API it's rather unlikely any kind of profit cut etc will be necessary.

    Note: this summary is **NOT** in any way at all a substitute or a guarantee of what our terms of service state.

**Adult content and application stores**
    We feel we should mention many app-stores like the Apple app store prohibit 18+ content.
    If you're thinking about providing your client via a third-party service you should check their official state on the matter.
    Where we can, we provide an adult boolean in anime/manga API data, however we can not 100% ensure that this will always be accurate
    or that our definition of 'adult' content meets the same standards of other services.
    Specifically 'Ecchi' shows are not included in the 'adult' boolean, which is known to have caused issues with Google Adsense and the Apple app-store in the past.

    We can also not ensure the data provided by our user's always be non-adult, (primarly activity and forum data) however we do try to remove this data as soon as possible.

    We recommend you do additional checks and limit the data shown on your client if necessary, to comply with the standards of any service you may be using.


==================================
Creating a client
==================================

...


==================================
Terminology
==================================

- **Access token** - A token used to access protected resources
- **Authorization code** - An intermidiary token generated when a user authorizes a client to access protected resources on their behalf. The client receives this token and exchanges it for an access token.
- **Client** - An application which accesses protected resources on behalf of the resource owner. The client could be hosted on a server, desktop, mobile app or other device.
- **Grant** - A grant is a method of acquiring an access token.
- **Resource owner** - The owner of a protected resource, usually the user.
- **Resource server** - The AniList API server, which sits in front of protected resources and is capable of accepting and responsing to protected resource requests using access tokens.

`Terminology courtesy of Alex Bilbie <http://oauth2.thephpleague.com/terminology/>`_

Commit message:

Initial basic client creation info

source/introduction.rst, after:

Introduction
==================================
**All** AniList Api url's featured in this documentation require the following url prefix:
::
    https://anilist.co/api/

**HTTPS is required**
    If a client requests a HTTP url they will **not** be redirected to the HTTPS variant.

**API Terms of use**
    - Free for non-commercial use.
    - Using the AniList API as a backup or data storage service is strictly prohibited.
    - \'Hoarding\' or mass collection of data from the AniList API is strictly prohibited.

    If you would like to use the AniList API in a commercial client (this includes ads and in-app purchases)
    just drop me an email joshstar [a-t] mail [do-t] com and I'll get back to you eventually.
    With the current usage of the API it's rather unlikely any kind of profit cut etc will be necessary.

**Adult content and application stores**
    We feel we should mention many app-stores like the Apple app store prohibit 18+ content.
    If you're thinking about providing your client via a third-party service you should check their official state on the matter.
    Where we can, we provide an adult boolean in anime/manga API data, however we can not 100% ensure that this will always be accurate
    or that our definition of 'adult' content meets the same standards of other services.
    Specifically 'Ecchi' shows are not included in the 'adult' boolean, which is known to have caused issues with Google Adsense and the Apple app-store in the past.

    We can also not ensure the data provided by our user's always be non-adult, (primarly activity and forum data) however we do try to remove this data as soon as possible.

    We recommend you do additional checks and limit the data shown on your client if necessary, to comply with the standards of any service you may be using.


==================================
Creating a client
==================================

Log into your AniList account (or create one if you haven't already) and go to `/developer <http://anilist.co/developer>`_. Click the plus in the top right and enter your client's information, once saved you will receive your client id and secret.


==================================
Terminology
==================================

- **Access token** - A token used to access protected resources
- **Authorization code** - An intermidiary token generated when a user authorizes a client to access protected resources on their behalf. The client receives this token and exchanges it for an access token.
- **Client** - An application which accesses protected resources on behalf of the resource owner. The client could be hosted on a server, desktop, mobile app or other device.
- **Grant** - A grant is a method of acquiring an access token.
- **Resource owner** - The owner of a protected resource, usually the user.
- **Resource server** - The AniList API server, which sits in front of protected resources and is capable of accepting and responsing to protected resource requests using access tokens.

`Terminology courtesy of Alex Bilbie <http://oauth2.thephpleague.com/terminology/>`_
